Love me, love me
Say that you love me
Fool me, fool me
Go on and fool me
Dear, I fear we're facing a problem
You love me no longer
I know, and maybe there is nothing that I can do to make you do.
Mamma tells me, I shouldn't bother.
That I ought to stick to another man
A man that surely deserves me
But I think you do
So I cry and I pray, and I beg for you to
Love me, love me
Say that you love me
Fool me, fool me
Go on and fool me
Love me, love me
Pretend that you love me
Leave me, leave me
Just say that you need me
Love me, love me
Fool me, fool me
Lately, I have desperately pondered
Spent my nights awake and
I wondered
What I could have done in another way
To make you stay
Reason will not reach a solution
I will end up lost in confusion
I don't care if you really care
As long as you don't go
So I cry, and I pray,
and I beg for you to
Love me, love me
Say that you love me
Fool me, fool me
Go on and fool me
Love me, love me
Pretend that you love me
Leave me, leave me
Just say that you need me
Love me, love me
Fool me, fool me
Oh, I cry and I pray
And I beg for you to love me
I cry
and I pray and I beg
for you to love me
Love me, love me
Fool me, fool me
Say that you love me
Love me, love me (for you to love me)
Fool me, fool me (for you to love me)
Love me, love me
Say that you love me